Make all Meson level options overridable per subproject. (#14251)
mesonbuild/meson: docs/markdown/snippets/optionrefactor.md

## Per project subproject options rewrite

You can now define per-subproject values for all shared configuration
options. As an example you might want to enable optimizations on only
one subproject:

    meson configure -Dnumbercruncher:optimization=3

Subproject specific values can be removed with -U

    meson configure -Unumbercruncher:optimization

> This is a major change in how options are handled. Current
> per-subproject options are converted to augments on the fly. It is
> expected that the logic might be changed in the next few releases as
> logic errors are discovered.
> 
> We have tried to keep backwards compatibility as much as possible, but
> this may lead to some build breakage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a major change in how options are handled, and the implementation
will evolve over the next few releases of Meson.  If this change causes an
error in your builds, please [report an issue on
GitHub](https://github.com/mesonbuild/meson/issues/new).
```
